Hey guys.
My name is Ellen Peterson and I've been working as a full set with a developer for four years in this
course I've been teaching guys how to create the front end.
They will be used for a course in the last section of dependencies that are required for a server in
this section regarding to set up the dependencies for front end as well.
But before we get to that that's a look at the app.
There are going to be doing this course.
So let's open up our app.
So this is the home schema of our app which has an image charism I'm cartes.
We also have a registration page and a looking page Solway them all when I sign in.
So this is the profile page.
From here we can go to our oldest page change our account settings and change our souping address.
And if you register as a seller we can also post a product for sale as well as all the products that
we've posted.
Let's go to the features of my 1
Aura's page.
We can see the orders they have made the total of each order and a status of each order in the site.
We can see the products in each order
in a card setting page of our name email center status as soon as our password change shipping address
page we can change our shipping address and our seller we can access the post put up for sale page which
allows us to post support of our choosing for sale.
So I see the products that posted our e-commerce store also has a category's page which allows us to
start products by category as well as at new category store stores if deemed necessary.
And here again to see the products that are inside the cat category helmet and head ergonomic metal
chicken as well as ergonomic concrete you also have a search page which allows us to search paradoxes
our e-commerce store and here it includes the proto name to sell off a product the price or a rating
inside
can see the details which includes the name the seller category the description to all rating price
reviews and a form that allows us to post a review.
To purchase a product.
You can just add it to a cart and then here to say Spurlock successfully the cart when it's time to
check out the owner's head under the cart page where we can see everything that is in our car and increase
the quality of our products.
We were satisfied with the products in our cart and simply press the checkout button and enter our email
number
and press the pay but
once payment is done we were directed to the page and there we have it our purchase had been successful
in the next video you get to installing the dependencies for angular.